# 01-19-2022

* First SIG meeting!
    * [Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DU26DmqOnxRAS5WWUUfG7zc4LSsjj68O/view?usp=sharing)
* Reviewed [Charter](../charter.md)
    * Need up make some minor updates to charter language to clarify our responsibilities to Red Hat groups, external open source groups, and other OSG SIG's.
* Discussed existing workstreams and which need to be brought into the OSG governance as a subproject.
* Determined need for a first-of-kind model subproject and decided the group will use the OS-Climate work for this.
